README.md, before:

# seogi

This library improved use way console api so you will able to use them more better and more simplity and you can use similarly to existing console api.

# NPM Package Install

```javascript
npm i seogi
```

## Normal API

```javascript
log('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '10px' });
error('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '20px' });
warn('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '30px' });
info('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '40px' });
debug('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '50px' });
assert(() => true /* or false */, 'Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '60px' });
```

## Object Type API

This api include argument of object type and it same to console api

```javascript
dir({ x: 1 });
table({ x: 1, y: 2 });
```

## Group Type API

```javascript
group(
  [
    1,
    2,
    () => LogUtils.group([3, 4, 5], 'GROUP 2'),
    '6',
    () => LogUtils.log('LOG'),
    7,
    () => LogUtils.table({ x: 1, y: 2 }),
    () => LogUtils.groupTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP TABLE'),
    8,
    () => LogUtils.group([9, 10], 'GROUP 3'),
    () => LogUtils.groupDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP DIR'),
  ],
  'GROUP 1'
);

groupLog(1, null, 'GROUP LOG', { color: '#8e3278' });
groupDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP DIR', { color: '#8e3278' });
groupTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP TABLE', { color: '#8e3278' });
```

## Group Collapsed Type API

```javascript
groupCollapsed(
  [
    () => error('ERROR'),
    1,
    2,
    () =>
      groupCollapsed(
        [
          3,
          () => info('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '40px' }),
          () => warn('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '30px' }),
          4,
        ],
        'GROUP COLLAPSED 2'
      ),
  ],
  'GROUP COLLAPSED 1'
);

groupCollapsedLog('test', null, 'GROUP COLLAPSED LOG', { color: '#40a53a' });
groupCollapsedDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP COLLAPSED DIR', { color: '#40a53a' });
groupCollapsedTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP COLLAPSED TABLE', { color: '#40a53a' });
```

Commit message:

Improve report method Remove about test codes Update package version

README.md, after:

# seogi

This library improved use way console api so you will able to use them more better and more simplity and you can use similarly to existing console api.

# Install

```javascript
npm i seogi
```

# Support Platforms

All Browsers

> Maybe you will able to use on Node.js from just soon...

## Normal API

```javascript
log('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '10px' });
error('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '20px' });
warn('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '30px' });
info('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '40px' });
debug('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '50px' });
assert(() => true /* or false */, 'Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '60px' });
```

## Object Type API

This api include argument of object type and it same to console api

```javascript
dir({ x: 1 });
table({ x: 1, y: 2 });
```

## Group Type API

```javascript
group(
  [
    1,
    2,
    () => LogUtils.group([3, 4, 5], 'GROUP 2'),
    '6',
    () => LogUtils.log('LOG'),
    7,
    () => LogUtils.table({ x: 1, y: 2 }),
    () => LogUtils.groupTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP TABLE'),
    8,
    () => LogUtils.group([9, 10], 'GROUP 3'),
    () => LogUtils.groupDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP DIR'),
  ],
  'GROUP 1'
);

groupLog(1, null, 'GROUP LOG', { color: '#8e3278' });
groupDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP DIR', { color: '#8e3278' });
groupTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP TABLE', { color: '#8e3278' });
```

## Group Collapsed Type API

```javascript
groupCollapsed(
  [
    () => error('ERROR'),
    1,
    2,
    () =>
      groupCollapsed(
        [
          3,
          () => info('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '40px' }),
          () => warn('Hello World', { color: 'gray', backgroundColor: 'yellow', fontSize: '30px' }),
          4,
        ],
        'GROUP COLLAPSED 2'
      ),
  ],
  'GROUP COLLAPSED 1'
);

groupCollapsedLog('test', null, 'GROUP COLLAPSED LOG', { color: '#40a53a' });
groupCollapsedDir({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP COLLAPSED DIR', { color: '#40a53a' });
groupCollapsedTable({ x: 1, y: 2 }, 'GROUP COLLAPSED TABLE', { color: '#40a53a' });
```
